No.:              03
Date:             15.07.2016 10:30 - 11:00
Place:            Mr. Fuhrer's office
Involved persons: Claude Fuhrer    (CF)
Sven Osterwalder (SO)

Meeting minutes 2015-11-15
==========================

Presentation and discussion of the current state of the work (CF, SO)
---------------------------------------------------------------------

* The progress has slowed down a lot unfortunately. This is mostly
  due to the focus was laid on the exams, the block-module as well as 
  on the second specialization module of the studies during the last couple of
  weeks. There was no progress on the prototype anymore since the last meeting
  except for some small bug fixes. The documentation is currently being worked
  on, the progress is although not as good as expected. (SO)

* The expert, mr. Eric Dubuis, was incorporated. He will supervise the master
  thesis as an expert as he has profound knowledge on the topics of the thesis.
  You may send him the first and this project work as information regearding
  the master thesis by email. (CF)

* The presentation of this project work will most likely be held on the 12th of
  August 2016. (CF)

* Hand-in of this project work is the 29th of July but by no lather then the
  5th of August 2016. (CF)


Further steps/proceedings (CF, SO)
----------------------------------

* Process TODOs
* Expand chapters according to TODOs
* Re-work introduction and abstract
* Add management summary
* Add meeting minutes

TODO for the next meeting
=========================

-

Scheduling of the next meeting
==============================

-
