No.:              02
Date:             27.04.2016 14:00 - 14:30
Place:            Mr. Fuhrer's office
Involved persons: Claude Fuhrer    (CF)
                  Sven Osterwalder (SO)

Meeting minutes 2016-04-27
==========================

Presentation and discussion of the current state of the work (CF, SO)
---------------------------------------------------------------------

* The progess of the prototype is quite good. The graph component is mostly
  working, shader is being composed and compiled in real time. (SO)

* What is a good extent of the documentation? (SO)
  * It should be between 20 and 100 pages in total. (CF)

* Does the tense of the documentation matter? Should it be rather written in
  present or in past? (SO)
  * The tense does not matter, do as you like. (CF)

* The documentation should be based on contents rather than on a schedule. (CF)

* Concerning the time schedule, should it represent an ideal or represent the
  actual situation/progress? (SO)
  * It should represent the actual situation/progress. (CF)

* It would be good if a first, rough draft of the documentation would be
  finished until the end of May 2016. (CF)


Further steps/proceedings (CF, SO)
----------------------------------

* Fix bugs of the prototype
* Start documenting

TODO for the next meeting
=========================

* Present the current state of the work (SO)
* Discuss the current state of the work (CF, SO)
* Define further steps/proceeding (CF, SO)

Scheduling of the next meeting
==============================

Date:  tba
Place: tba
